Add how-to on kube-token-refresher (#8)
vshn/application-catalog-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/crossplane_service_broker/kube_token_refresher.adoc

= Install Kube Token Refresher

As discussed in xref:app-catalog:ROOT:how-tos/crossplane_service_broker/crossplane_service_broker/connect_service_catalog_to_service_broker.html[Connecting the Service Catalog to a Service Broker], issued tokens might only be valid for a short period of time.
For this purpose we developed the https://github.com/vshn/kube-token-refresher[kube-token-refresher], which periodically fetches a new bearer token and writes it to a secret for the Service Catalog.

You will need access to an OIDC provider, valid credentials to request a _Bearer Token_, and permission to get, update, and create secrets.

[NOTE]
====
The Kube Token Refresher only manages a single secret.

> If you need multiple brokers with different short lived bearer tokens, you will need to deploy it multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need multiple brokers with different short lived bearer tokens, you will need to deploy the token refresher multiple times.
```

====

== Kubernetes RBAC

To allow the  Kube Token Refresher to manage the secret, we need to create a Service Account and a corresponding Role.

> Apply the following to the same namespace the Kube Token Refresher will be deployed to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply the following in the same namespace the Kube Token Refresher will be deployed to.

NOTE: With this RBAC configuration the token refresher must run in the namespace of the secret which it refreshes.
```
